README.md, before:

# Temporal Worker in Spaaaaaaaaaaaaaace

A Python Temporal worker, in space!

This is a simple Python worker that uses the Temporal SDK to run a worker... in space! A background
thread periodically writes sensor data to a file, which is then read from a local activity inside
the workflow, attempting to publish any unpublished data since the last time it ran.

When the worker loses connectivity, the workflow won't be able to make progress until it reconnects,
which will happen automatically. Once it does, any unwritten data will be flushed to the workflow
as the result of the local activity.

## Running

Create a virtual environment and install dependencies:

```bash
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install temporalio
pip install pyserial
```

Run the worker, providing the serial device as an argument. Do not provide the device path to
test with sample data:
```bash
python src/spaceflight/space_worker.py /dev/ttyUSB0
```

Use ctrl-c to stop the script

### Other notes on testing

When running more than once, remove the temporary data file between runs:

```bash
rm /tmp/sensor_data.csv
```

Commit message:

Use queue instead of temp file

README.md, after:

# Temporal Worker in Spaaaaaaaaaaaaaace

A Python Temporal worker, in space!

This is a simple Python worker that uses the Temporal SDK to run a worker... in space! A background
thread periodically writes sensor data to a file, which is then read from a local activity inside
the workflow, attempting to publish any unpublished data since the last time it ran.

When the worker loses connectivity, the workflow won't be able to make progress until it reconnects,
which will happen automatically. Once it does, any unwritten data will be flushed to the workflow
as the result of the local activity.

## Running

Create a virtual environment and install dependencies:

```bash
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install temporalio
pip install pyserial
```

Run the worker, providing the serial device as an argument. Do not provide the device path to
test with sample data:
```bash
python src/spaceflight/space_worker.py /dev/ttyUSB0
```

If this prints something like "permission denied", it might need to be run with `sudo` to have
permissions for the serial port.

Use ctrl-c to stop the script
